there's Deacon hey deacon it's a
beautiful day out kids are playing snow
is melting like crazy alright so one
thing I read about Adventure writer is
that we need to calibrate our computer
so we change the exhaust we got rid of
the cannister under there
we got a dongle on it engine-wise
I know that's about it we all we did
change the thermostat under there
or the fan switch so what they say to do
is turn this on and very slowly rotate
the throttle to full throttle that way
the computer knows where the thro
throttle is full throttle and rotate it
back nice and slowly so it knows the
limits all right then what's that done
you turn it off which will do that
all right so supposedly that does
something to establish the range now
next step is we need the engine to
figure out what all changes were made so
what I've got is the switches on the
kill switches in the on the run position
that means it's going to be front abs no
rear abs and we're supposed to let this
run for 15 minutes so the time stamp on
here says 1519 you know maybe this is a
good time to try my trip timer I don't
see how I do that yet I got four hundred
eight miles on it I don't know what this
middle button is doing yet oh well we
won't worry about it so
Deacon's not worrying about it you just
eat and snow okay so we're supposed to
let this thing idle nothing more don't
touch the throttle just let it idle so
it's 15 20 right now come back 15 35
hey Ken you wanna set up here yes you do
whoa
there you go okay ready look it's a dead
ball nice good job
so he'll just sit there and wait it out
we'll come back 15
thirty-five